[h1]Release Notes[/h1]

[h2]Debug[/h2]
- Changed how Data Dump works.
- Updated Debug Log to remove `Convert()` related logs
- When a mod is installed locally, it's Dishes will now forcefully spawn in the lobby (Can be disabled in preferences)
- Now saves a component history to `/UserData/KitchenLib/componentHistory.json`
- Changed how the debug menu is designed.
- Removed unused feature flags button.

[h2]References[/h2]
- Updated References to 1.1.8

[h2]CustomGameDataObjects[/h2]

[h3]CustomAppliance[/h3]
- Added `List<Unlock> Enchantments`

[h3]CustomUnlock[/h3]
- Fixed `HardcodedRequirements` and `HardcodedBlockers` being null

[h3]Registering[/h3]
- Added `IRegisterGDO` to automatically register a GDO (Attach to GDO class)
- Added `IDontRegister` to prevent a GDO from registering automatically (Attach to GDO class)
- Added `IAutoRegisterALl` to automatically register all GDOs (Attach to main class)

[h2]Menus[/h2]
- Rewrite of ModSync menu to work better than previously
    - Added an option to match exact mods.
- Added a KitchenLib > User Options preference to merge with PreferenceSystem if installed

[h2]IMMS[/h2]
- Disabled unfinished IMMS creation

[h2]Utilities[/h2]

[h3]ReflectionUtils[/h3]
- Added `GetMethod(Type type, string methodName)`

[h3]MaterialUtils[/h3]
- `AssignMaterialsByName()` is now an extension of `GameObject`

[h2]ViewUtils[/h2]
- Added `void RegisterView(ViewType viewType, Type singleston, Type component)`
- Added `void RegisterView(string viewType, Type singleston, Type component)`

[h2]VFXUtils[/h2]
- Added `VisualEffectAsset GetExistingVFX(string name)`
- Added `GameObject AssignVFXByNames(this GameObject gameObjet)`

[h2]Materials[/h2]
- Changed how the materials creator is designed.
- Added new shaders to the material creator:
    - Block Out Background
    - Circular Timer
    - Lake Surface
    - Mirror
    - Mirror Surface
    - Mirror Backing
    - Newspaper
    - Ping
    - PreviewFloor
    - Simple Flat Player

[h2]Bugs[/h2]
- Fixed a base-game bug causing the lobby kitchen to refresh when it shouldn't
- Fixed a bug causing old KitchenLib components to be kept in save files when they shouldn't (Also now cleans up after itself)
- Fixed a bug causing some mods to not merge with PreferenceSystem if loaded before KitchenLib
- Fixed a bug where sides would be missing when the `GameObject` wasn't assigned.
- Fixed a bug where Mod Sync was disabled.
- Fixed a bug causing ModUpdateManager to fail.
- Fixed a bug causing certain mods to fail when registering GDOs.