[/h1]Release Notes[/h1]

[h2]CustomGameDataObjects[/h2]
- Localisation should now fallback to English if a translation is missing and if English is available

[h3]CustomPlayerCosmetic[/h3]
- Added `float HeadSize`

[h3]CustomDish[/h3]
- Changed how `RequiredNoDishItem` and `RequiredDishItem` are handled internally.
- When `RequiredNoDishItem` is `true` OR `RequiredDishItem` is assigned, you won't be provided plates for this dish.
- When `RequiredDishItem` is assigned it is now simply added to `MinimumIngredients`.

[h3]CustomItemGroup[/h3]
- Replaced default view to be `ItemGroupView` rather than `DummyItemGroupView`.

[h2]Misc[/h2]
- Disabled feature flags.
- Added a new error message for when the game fails to register a new GDO
- Moved preference files into `/ModData/KitchenLib/Preferences`
- On first launch, the mod will request permission to sync with Steam Cloud.
- Updated references to PlateUp! v1.1.9.

[h2]Menus[/h2]
- Complete rewrite of the Mods menu, removing "Untested Mods"
- Complete rewrite of the Mod Sync menu to display more information.
- Added `void CreateModLabels(Vector2 startingPosition, List<string> modNames, float columnWidth, float rowHeight, int modsPerColumn)`
- Added `Option<int> CreatePageSelector(Dictionary<int, PageDetails> pages)`
- Added `ControlRebindElement GetRebindElement()`

[h2]Achievements[/h2]
- Added `AchievementsManager` to handle creating Custom Achievements.

[h2]Debug[/h2]
- Added an insane amount of debug logging (seriously a lot).
- Auto enables debug logging when local mods are installed. (Thanks @propstg)
- Generating References now uses tabs instead of spaces.
- Added `-nologprivacy` flag to disable obfuscation of username in logs.

[h2]Materials[/h2]
- Adjusted how Custom Materials are handled internally.
- Fixed Foliage Materials not being exported correctly.
- Fixed CircularTimer Materials not being exported correctly.
- Fixed several Material types not being imported correctly.
- Fixed Material Dumping not working correctly.
- Rebuilt the UI for making custom materials (Hopefully it's easier in the future now).
- Achievement notifications now have 2 options.

[h2]Bugs[/h2]
- Fixed a bug causing componentHistory to fail when encountering an interface derived from `IComponentData`.
- Fixed a bug with `DummyItemGroupView` setting `ComponentGroups` to a new instance when it shouldn't.
- Disabled `LogSaveDetails`.
- Fixed a bug causing crashing when entering the lobby.